It's over. It's over.
Late, late.
Mr. Qian
All wages will be deducted this month.
Go home and submit a review to my office
Wait, Mr. Chen
I was a few minutes late
A few minutes late is also late
A second is also late
You don't have to deduct all your wages for being late.
I have the final say how much to deduct
You don't follow company rules. I see.
Late is enough for 100
I am the rules and regulations.
Do you have anything else to say?
I think Mr. Chen is deliberately targeting me
I'm targeting
And Miss Trouble Wood
Pay attention to marketing when you go to work next time.
Don't mess around when you see a man
go to work
A month's salary will be deducted for being a few minutes late
Dead pervert yes is a big pervert
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be late
I'll tell you what.
Next time you see Lucy, if you still do this
I'll take you to jump off the building
I will try my best to restrain myself
Hey, I like all the handsome guys in the world.
Well, actually, I think your boss is also very handsome.
It's just him who is cold
He's a pervert
If you are sick, don't let him fall into my hands
otherwise
Just give him two slaps
And pluck out all his eyebrows and hair
Make him kneel down and apologize to me
You seem to be free.
The Way of Dusk